Disable batch_size extraction for torchmetric instances (#10815)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed a consolidation error in Lite when attempting to save the state dict of a sharded optimizer ([#10746](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10746))

> -  Disable batch_size extraction for torchmetric instances ([#10815](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10815))

Author: ```suggestion
-  Disabled batch_size extraction for torchmetric instances because they accumulate the metrics internally ([#10815](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/10815))
```
